Allow public documents when authentication is enabled (#1576)
Azure-Samples/azure-search-openai-demo: docs/login_and_acl.md

1. Run `azd env set AZURE_USE_AUTHENTICATION true` to enable the login UI and App Service authentication.
1. Ensure access control is enabled on your search index. If your index doesn't exist yet, run prepdocs with `AZURE_USE_AUTHENTICATION` set to `true`. If your index already exists, run `pwsh ./scripts/manageacl.ps1 --acl-action enable_acls`.
1. (Optional) To require access control when using the app, run `azd env set AZURE_ENFORCE_ACCESS_CONTROL true`.

> 1. (Optional) To allow searching of documents with no access control configured, even when access control is required, run `azd env set AZURE_ALLOW_PUBLIC_DOCUMENTS true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (Optional) To allow authenticated users to search on documents that have no access controls assigned, even when access control is required, run `azd env set AZURE_ALLOW_PUBLIC_DOCUMENTS true`.
```

May be clearer?
